Grandpa, am I pretty?
My granddaughter?
That is the most beautiful girl in the world
Do you think Brother Jian Chen will marry me?
I gave the Shen family an order of 500 billion
They have this money
Can he stop his daughter from giving up on the God of War?
Thanks grandpa
Brother Cheng, I will marry you
You really can't do anything about you.
Jinchen, have you sent a notice?
Why is there no one?
The notice has been put down.
How come no one is there?
What about people?
Didn't you say let's meet some big people?
Ah, what about people?
No.
You can talk big, can't you?
Auntie, don't worry
I hate such a shabby wedding
It's bad luck if we stay another minute.
Whose wedding is so clean?
Why is there no one?
That's a real insight.